added examples for laplace (#346)
derivkit/derivkit: docs/examples/forecasting/laplace.rst

Analytic sanity check (Gaussian–Gaussian)
-----------------------------------------

For a Gaussian likelihood with a Gaussian prior, the posterior is exactly Gaussian.
For the linear–Gaussian model above, the exact posterior is given by

.. math::

   \Sigma_{\mathrm{post}}^{-1}
   = A^{\mathsf T}\Sigma_{\mathrm{data}}^{-1}A + \Sigma_0^{-1},

   \Sigma_{\mathrm{post}}
   = \left(\Sigma_{\mathrm{post}}^{-1}\right)^{-1},

   \mu_{\mathrm{post}}
   = \Sigma_{\mathrm{post}}
     \left(A^{\mathsf T}\Sigma_{\mathrm{data}}^{-1}y
     + \Sigma_0^{-1}\mu_0\right).

.. code-block:: python

   posterior_precision = design_matrix.T @ data_prec @ design_matrix + prior_prec
   posterior_cov = np.linalg.inv(posterior_precision)

   posterior_mean = posterior_cov @ (
       design_matrix.T @ data_prec @ observed_y + prior_prec @ prior_mean
   )

   print("Laplace mean:", result["theta_map"])
   print("Exact mean:", posterior_mean)
   print("Laplace covariance:\n", result["cov"])
   print("Exact covariance:\n", posterior_cov)

GetDist contour plot (Laplace Gaussian)
---------------------------------------

Since the Laplace result is already a Gaussian approximation (mean + covariance),

> we can plot its 2D contours directly with GetDist using an analytic Gaussian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its 2D contours can be plotted directly with GetDist using an analytic Gaussian.
```

.. code-block:: python

   import numpy as np
   from getdist import plots

   from derivkit.forecasting.fisher_gaussian import fisher_to_getdist_gaussiannd

   laplace_mean = np.asarray(result["theta_map"], dtype=np.float64)
   laplace_cov = np.asarray(result["cov"], dtype=np.float64)
   laplace_precision = np.linalg.pinv(laplace_cov)

   laplace_gaussian = fisher_to_getdist_gaussiannd(
       theta0=laplace_mean,
       fisher=laplace_precision,
       names=["theta0", "theta1"],
       labels=[r"\theta_0", r"\theta_1"],
       label="Laplace (Gaussian)",
   )

   plotter = plots.get_subplot_plotter()
   plotter.triangle_plot([laplace_gaussian], params=["theta0", "theta1"], filled=True)

Optional: sampled contours (Monte Carlo)
----------------------------------------

If you prefer sample-based plots, you can draw samples from the Laplace Gaussian

> and wrap them as :class:`getdist.MCSamples`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample-based plots can be made using drawn samples from the Laplace Gaussian
and which are wrapped as :class:`getdist.MCSamples`.
```
